Queues (In-order and out-of-order) (#341)
codeplaysoftware/syclacademy: Code_Exercises/In_Order_Queue/README.md

Note that in the USM model when using an in-order `queue` it is no longer
necessary to chain commands using `event`s.

## Exercise 1

> ### 1.) Naive In-Order is slow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.) Naive In-Order Execution
```
I don't think we want to suggest that In-order queues are slow in general. Often they are faster than out of order

Author: Agree. Latency-wise, they are better.

Your old coworker is lazy, and put all the kernel in the same in-order queue.

> Performance are poor. Your goal is to improve it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance is poor as kernel concurrency cannot be used. Your goal is to improve it:
```
